docs/docs/reference/options/index.md, before:

# Options (.ini)

<div class="zbassmusic-externals" markdown>

Options are defined under `[BassMusic]` sction.

## <a href="#transitiontime">TransitionTime</a>

The time of the crossfade transition in milliseconds.

```dae
TransitionTime=2000
```

## <a href="#forcedisblereverb">ForceDisableReverb</a>

If true, all reverb effects are disabled.

```dae
ForceDisableReverb=0
```

## <a href="#forcefadetransition">ForceFadeTransition</a>

If true, all transitions use cross-fade even if it's not set in the theme.

```dae
ForceFadeTransition=0
```

## <a href="#createmainparsercmusictheme">CreateMainParserCMusicTheme</a>

If true, the class [C_MUSICTHEME](../classes/C_MUSICTHEME.md) is also created within the main scripts' parser
and you can define music themes in Content scripts. Be aware that it doesn't provide any sharing between parsers
so you can't use instance from music parser in the main parser - then you have to redefine it in the other

!!! Danger
    Music themes defined in the main parser cannot use DirectMusic format.

```dae
CreateMainParserCMusicTheme=1
```

## <a href="#loggerlevelunion">LoggerLevelUnion</a>

Sets the logger level for Union Console logs

```dae
LoggerLevelUnion=INFO
```

## <a href="#loggerlevelzspy">LoggerLevelZSpy</a>

Sets the logger level for ZSpy logs

```dae
LoggerLevelZSpy=DEBUG
```

</div>

Commit message:

Feature: Lazy loading for audio files (#93)
* Lazy loading implementation for `MusicTheme` audio files

* Update documentation

* Improved safety of loaded themes tracking

* Another safety tweaks

* Better logging and comments plus last tweaks

docs/docs/reference/options/index.md, after:

# Options (.ini)

<div class="zbassmusic-externals" markdown>

Options are defined under `[BassMusic]` sction.

## <a href="#transitiontime">TransitionTime</a>

The time of the crossfade transition in milliseconds.

```dae
TransitionTime=2000
```

## <a href="#forcedisblereverb">ForceDisableReverb</a>

If true, all reverb effects are disabled.

```dae
ForceDisableReverb=0
```

## <a href="#forcefadetransition">ForceFadeTransition</a>

If true, all transitions use cross-fade even if it's not set in the theme.

```dae
ForceFadeTransition=0
```

## <a href="#createmainparsercmusictheme">CreateMainParserCMusicTheme</a>

If true, the class [C_MUSICTHEME](../classes/C_MUSICTHEME.md) is also created within the main scripts' parser
and you can define music themes in Content scripts. Be aware that it doesn't provide any sharing between parsers
so you can't use instance from music parser in the main parser - then you have to redefine it in the other

!!! Danger
    Music themes defined in the main parser cannot use DirectMusic format.

```dae
CreateMainParserCMusicTheme=1
```

## <a href="#loggerlevelunion">LoggerLevelUnion</a>

Sets the logger level for Union Console logs

```dae
LoggerLevelUnion=INFO
```

## <a href="#loggerlevelzspy">LoggerLevelZSpy</a>

Sets the logger level for ZSpy logs

```dae
LoggerLevelZSpy=DEBUG
```

## <a href="#lazyloading">LazyLoading</a>

If true, themes are loaded only when they are played for the first time. This can reduce memory usage
but may introduce a slight delay when a theme is played for the first time.

```dae
LazyLoading=1
```

## <a href="#maxloadedthemes">MaxLoadedThemes</a>
Specifies the maximum number of themes that can be loaded in memory at the same time. If the limit is reached, the least recently used theme will be unloaded
when a new theme is loaded.

```dae
MaxLoadedThemes=5
```

</div>
